Here's my complete solution for the discriminator class.
At a quick glance, you can see that this is just a series
of five convolutional layers and some BatchNorm.
The first layer will take in an RGB image as input,
and so the input depth is three,
and then this creates a convolutional layer with a depth
of conv_dim or a default value of 64.
I'm also using a kernel size of four,
and since this is the first layer,
I'm setting batch_norm to false. All right.
Then, we have a few layers that do have batch normalization applied,
and these are just normal strided convolutional layers that
increase the depth of the outputs from 64 to 128,
and then from 128 to 256,
and finally to a depth of 512 or conv_dim times 8.
As an image passes through these layers,
I also know that they should down-sample the x and y
dimensions of any image by a factor of two.
So, I've actually written the dimensions of each output here.
By the end of layer four,
all have gone from a 128 by 28 by
3 input image down-sampled to get an 8 by 8 by 512 output.
Then, we reach the last convolutional layer,
conv5, which is just going to be our classification layer.
This is a normal not strided convolutional layer that will take in
our conv_dim times eight number of outputs from
the previous layer and produce one value as output.
This will be the discriminator logic that indicates whether an image is real or fake.
To indicate that this is not a strided convolutional layer,
I'll have a stride equal to one,
a padding equal to one,
and batch_norm set to false.
Instead of using our helper conv function here,
you could have also just used nn.conv2d to create this layer.
As always, this is just one possible solution.
So that completes the unit function,
and then in the forward function,
I'm just passing an input x through the convolutional layers in sequence.
I'm passing x through our first convolutional layer,
applying a ReLu activation and getting some output,
then I'm passing this output to our next layer,
and next, and next.
Applying ReLu activations to all but the last convolutional layer,
and that's it, a deep convolutional discriminator class.
This completes one of our types of adversarial networks.
Next, let's talk about the generator.